My name is Brandon Sarkis, on behalf of Expert
Village. Our noodle water back here is boiling.
I'm just going to put in some noodles. The
portion size for this recipe is enough for
about four people, so it's a good rule; four
cups of noodles should be about right; four
to six, so we'll just do that. We're going
to let the noodles go for about eight minutes,
set our timer.
Also with noodles, you want to make sure that
you give a good stir all the way to the bottom,
especially when you're first cooking them.
This applies to any noodle; any sort of pasta,
because what will happen is if your noodles
are going to stick together, it's going to
happen at the very beginning of the cooking
time, so it would happen in the first couple
of minutes. What you can do is kind of leave
it alone for a few minutes. Then after about
a minute or two goes along, you can actually
go through, and start giving it some active
stirring to break those clumps up; if there
are going to be any. Let's check on our meatballs.
All right, so here we are with our meatballs,
and a bunch of steam. You can see that they've
got a nice, even brown coat on them. They
look great. We're just going to pull them
out, and set them on this plate over here.
When you're pulling them out, you can make
sure they all look nice and even, and if not,
you can roll them around a little bit, maybe
get a little more color on them. They're not
going to look completely the same color all
the way around, due to the fact that they're
round and they like to roll away from you.
We're going to take all of these out of here
and set them on a separate plate. Also what
you'll do, you see how there are some pan
scrapings in here? I like to take the spatula
and go around and make sure that they're all
broken up off the bottom of the pan before
I add the vegetables in because those will
start to burn. They're good in there because
it's just some of your meatball flavor, so
we want to leave them in there. We're also
going to leave all of our olive oil in here,
and we're going to move on to our next step,
which is cooking the vegetables.